fix: add connection check (#209)
vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-reporting: CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## v2.6.1

> Release Date: Not Released

Bugfix:

> - Updated `Request-VcenterStorageHealth` cmdlet to produce error messages if vCenter Authentication failures. [GH-209] https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-reporting/pull/209

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated `Request-VcenterStorageHealth` cmdlet to output an error message if authentication to vCenter Server fails. [GH-209] https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-reporting/pull/209
```
